hello guys and girls registers reviews
here again today we've got project cars
that seems there's been quite a few
reviews likely been some good games out
some not-so-good games and we'll give
this one a good look show all the
settings what's customizable and you can
see for yourself with as a good game or
not although before we even carry on I
absolutely love it it's a al-qaeda style
game but loving it there's plenty of
options to choose from plenty of
settings so regardless of what graphics
cards you've got you could have
something really old and you'll get a
pliable I'm plan on 1440p I've played
several tracks and roughly sitting 100
plus frames per second most of the time
that's on a tartan X and they're 393
okay at 4.4 that's not overclocked very
hot
alright let's leave qualify for hind us
now let's focus on those lights make a
good start green green green
sorry I had to pause it there just to
show you the engine sounds absolutely
amazing sound really done a great job
there anyways I put every set possible
to max I've left up and low everything
that can be slid to as high as possible
i've done so kudos to the developers
here and nvidia have really got the game
running smooth as a couple of little
bugs in the in the replays every now and
again it's all seems to skip the fried
just certain camera angles it does that
I can't pick fault with that really it's
a something absolutely Mona the game
never skips when you're actually racing
it just flows fluid
on the rocks with jason warner which are
reviewed a little while ago and I'm
absolutely blown away it's fantastic I
did have a game this quite a while back
must have been four or five months and
still in development and it was good
then got the plant and friends computer
and they'll regret not being a back up
but by the boy got going now played it
for a few hours still going on in over
settings a bit of a pansy when it comes
to raising guns that totally walk get
using but everything is customizable
with your phaser fire already you you
can go straightening at the hardened
there's no need to simply sentence
lockni you can go for whole customizable
settings no race line basically you can
configure the game to how you like
there's plenty of settings 20 up to try
and make it more of a sim style racer
there's the usual career mode solo mode
online mode so plenty of options there
for racing your friends if you wish or
just place on your own having some fun
on your own
I remember gran turismo when they first
came out on the PlayStation and I was
blown away by how good that looked and
this has done the sign for me pc
policemen been playing dirt rally and
very impressed with that but graphically
it's still a on an older engine it's
nothing special it's not bad don't get
me wrong it looks fantastic but this guy
looks and plays very well obviously dirt
rallies more of a sim writer so you know
each their own horses for courses yeah
dirt rally fantastic game assetto corsa
fantastic going project cars fantastic
game they've all got their individual
benefits the sad cause a good sim game
dirt rallies a very good sim game
project cars i'll guess when you get bit
better or when i'll get a bit better i
can turn it more into a sim game but
i'll sort of enjoying the arc ID stole
bouncing off walls and things like that
you still get red flags and black flags
for cutting corners and things like that
on the race tracks so handling yeah yeah
Hanlon's a little more arcadey but i
think that's a bad thing that's again
each their own whatever
like the PT community now to about this
game anyway I'm ordering this review for
people who are not sure not seen the
game or don't know too much about it I'm
trying to just do a little bit of
coverage and let them know what's what
basically
my official stance is by the game I got
it from CD keys third 25 quid i think it
was fantastic price well worth every
penny been a lot of work point this has
been a long time in development anyone
who enjoys a racing game is seriously
going to enjoy this for me it's a 10 a
10 game going buy it now get it awesome
cheap
school at the console gamers who have to
buy a lot of money for their expensive
copies and a specie elitists will enjoy
the superior graphics and superior
gameplay anyway thanks ever so much for
watching tune in again for another brick
stitch review soon and see you for now